President, the sperm you deposit in the sperm bank
It was taken away by provincial insurance for artificial insemination
What? I'm pregnant with artificial insemination?
Doctor, I don't even have a boyfriend
How could you be pregnant?
Medical records are indeed like this
The doctor who operated on you has left
I'm not sure exactly.
If you don't want children
I can make an appointment for an abortion
I'll think about it.
All the money goes to my brother's medical expenses
How can there be money for procedural surgery?
Give birth and I'll give you 2 million
He is not our President Rong's fiancee
What word?
What does Miss Dong mean?
The sperm in your body should be mine
It was the damn doctor who got the wrong person
I gave you a manual authorization.
His child belongs to the big boss.
I'll think about it.
Reply to me within three days.
If you tell Brother Rong, I will kill you
This Miss Shen
I wonder if artificial insemination was successful?
But who is the girl across from him?
Song Shenwan resigned from the hospital
Arrange for a doctor to examine him
What does the child want?
If you have money
My brother's illness will definitely get better faster.
Dong Zong, you know it all